
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
 PSCF - Polymer Self-Consistent Field Theory
 Copyright (2007) David C. Morse
 email: morse@cems.umn.edu

 PSCF is a Fortran 90 program for numerically solving the polymer 
 self-consistent field theory for periodic microstructures formed 
 by incompressible melts or mixtures of linear block copolymers, 
 linear homopolymers, and small molecule solvents. 

 This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
 it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
 the Free Software Foundation. A copy of this license is included in
 the LICENSE file in the top-level PSCF directory. 

 Contributors:

    David Morse
    Chris Tyler
    Jian Qin
    Raghuram Thiagarajan

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
I. Directory Structure

src/                          - Fortran 90 source files
src/build                     - - directory containing Makefile
examples/                     - usage examples, with input files
doc/                          - documentation files
doc/api                       - - auto-generated api documentation
tools/                        - Tools for processing output and source
tools/matlab                  - - matlab m-files for visualization
tools/python                  - - python scripts for data analysis
tools/python/preprocess-0.6.1   - Forpedo preprocessor script

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
II. Dependencies

The program depends upon the FFTW fast Fourier transform library
and the LAPACK linear algebra library.  The program can use either 
version 2 or version 3 of the FFTW library.  You will need to 
install both LAPACK and FFTW before attempting to compile the 
program.

----------------------------------------------------------------------
III. Compiling and Linking

The program must be compiled from source. The source is standard
Fortran 90, and has been tested with the Intel and Portland Group 
Fortran 90 compilers in a linux environment.

A Makefile for compiling on a linux machine is located in 
subdirectory src/build. To compile the code, after installing the
required FFTW and LAPACK libraries, you will generally have to cd 
to src/build, change the values of various macro variables in this 
Makefile to values appropriate to your system, and issue the 
command 'make pscf' from within src/build.  

More detailed instructions for editing the Makefile and compiling 
are provided in the file src/build/INSTALL, and in comments in the 
file src/build/Makefile.

An annotated list of source files is provided in the file 
src/SRC_FILES. Before modifying any of the fortran source files, 
read the discussion at the end of this file of our use of a python 
preprocessor script named "Forpedo" (which is included with the 
distribution).
